teams were like complaining about my
champion for then now I'm complaining
hey why you cannot play bloody rude why
you carefully sweet why we cannot follow
leave me was the first day of rift
rivals I'm joined right now by Olli from
Team Liquid after their triumphant
return and North America's favor after
our first loss of the day Olli what do
you think of rift rivals is he are you
enjoying it oh yes but I feel like I'm
the only one serious because it's kind
of avenged match after for Florrick I
think so I mean like when I look at eco
folks they were like having fun I was
like even on stage I didn't laugh I
didn't like smart anything just like I
was I think I was born focusing on stage
then like don't worry yes so in all the
LCS or just an NA LCS you think you're
the most focused today we focus so yeah
so sorry when you say you're trying hard
to you're paying more attention do you
mean out of all the na LCS teams or do
you mean also the EU LCS teams oh I
didn't really see you as team so but I
think I'm all any aces teams I think I'm
most focusing yes so you feel like this
means a lot to us rivals oh yeah because
his first international match after MSI
so at least I wanna show them just like
I like I fixed my son problem you know
yeah yeah well how do you feel about the
problems that you fixed in that last
match against place I think sometimes
when you're losing bought like usually
we feel like frustrate you know like me
and Peter just like don't know what to
do but now like we know actually what to
do like we are losing both but always
just help like we just ask help like
Jake we need your help or maybe our
impact can you use GP ball like we were
we are just doing whatever like for like
turning back so I just found one more
chance there
we can call Caitlyn and then Pierre will
say like no I I don't think this is so
because like Peter just go we kick you
and then we we just kill Kathleen and
then that's how we like really turn the
table I feel as though we're tribals
this year is kind of pretty hype like
North America really I don't know if a
lot of people think North American
Wynette can win it but it feels like
North America actually is does really
want to win it
what do you think do you think that
there's a lot on the line here for North
America mmm I think because because my
Masai I think if we wanna miss I like we
just chill like hey guys just enjoy it
little ivory we don't care because we
already won but we lost and H I was be
part of that loss and then that's why I
really do my best
so yeah I think it means a lot to me do
you have a chance to talk to any of the
other teams here and again in Europe
I talked with cussing yesterday and beep
Oh a little I just say hi to why did his
Korean so maybe but didn't really talk
deeply one of the things that I have
noticed is that it feels like a lot of
other teams try all these unconventional
things like you know I know it's played
a lot but like bottom Heimerdinger more
final comps etc but it feels like Team
Liquid has just been playing it safe
like a lot of standard comps why do you
think that is why is Team Liquid not
doing kind of the crazier stuff some of
these other teams are doing oh actually
we try a lot in scream and maybe some of
no 180 Carrie was really good maybe
sometimes we fail a lot funnelling
succeed ones very next time like it's
not really consistent now but we we got
some strategy for our sub match so maybe
we can show this match but I'm not sure
but support actually I'm like it's not I
think it's not on me because some
furniture is already same like I just
need to know how to play feed a stick
and share like I can play so like I
don't really it's new meta doesn't
really matter to me but
Peter and Eugene and Jake yeah they
really have to play more or practice so
I just yeah it's kind of year before
like our team were teams were like
complaining about my champion fall then
now I'm complaining hey why you cannot
play bloody why you can fly straight why
we cannot follow great
shouldn't rivals be a really good time
for you to try out some of these
different strategies because there's
nothing on the line besides pride at
least we we have chance or we have
chance to learn many things from you
because like even just first match like
they played land of stuff even now like
some champions show up and I think you
is the most region that play non-id
carry like I checked the list and then
you was like crazy so I think we like we
can learn a lot from them have you been
able to scram the team's over the course
of this week yep have you learned stuff
from them oh yeah
do you think do you think that because
right now it's interesting to me because
I've heard that the EU teams are
screaming the other North American teams
like not just the rift rivals teams but
other na LCS teams do you think that
Europe coming over here and like there
are three best teams playing against us
is that gonna make North America
stronger because we've got these guys
coming over and giving us sort of
practice I don't know other team but at
least to our team like we actually
especially I learned a lot from them
because they brought a new body match up
and then we thought maybe this may be a
made sure was good but actually we just
feel maybe they came they are maybe
really damn good or we are just bad I'm
not sure but at least we know their
champion pool and then I feel like I
just talked with Peter I think we can
copy their strategy then we feel like
kind of confident if we can use this
champion because we didn't lose because
of our skill we just lost because we
didn't understand the BAM pig and the
like we're champions stuff so I think if
we just learn it and
use it to analysis and their systems
like how to how to get that so I do that
how do you think North America is gonna
do at rift rivals oh not sure but yeah
of course I want them to mean I feel
like g2 and flatty are a little strong
but I'm not sure they can really beat
them so I think 5050 5050 alright and
then the last question I want to ask you
is what do you think of the whole meteos
situation you've been following that
over this week I think I learned English
there are like so many contract English
or transform complicated words
dictionary but I let me let me explain
so it's like meteors say I want to go to
other team yeah I want to look for new
chess and 1:30 say yes you can't find I
don't know if they said yes or no they
didn't include it in their story and I
haven't had a chance to watch the medias
video yet because I was preparing for
this but yeah the hundred thieves said
that media was requested to look and
then hundred thieves said and then we
looked and then we found him fly quest
so it's unclear of if like medias was
involved in the looking but it's like
that last year when we were all free
agents that time like like some player
already have contract with other team
like Eugene and Jake they had contract
with IMT and I was frigid so like I
could choose whatever I want but Jake
and Eugene really couldn't choose by
themselves so I think the same because
Matthias has contract with one with T
and then even though he won't go to
other team if one did he say like oh no
you just go fly casting you do like you
already signed contract
so I think maybe to compain site I can
understand but as a human being I feel
bad I mean professionally maybe I don't
know maybe maybe if I'm compared side
everything I'm right but if I'm material
side I feel like oh it is tragic
yeah very good well hey is there
anything that you want to say to any of
the fans out there only oh na days I
have practiced a lot oh also I made one
smart with regular counts so like you
guys don't know my accounts but I play
many games with my Smurfs so don't worry
even though I don't play me an account
so yeah thank you a lot so you're out
there playing games on some secret
account Thank You Olay so much for the
interview best look at rift rivals
please make us proud for eben else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel alright so that
interview sense I want to say thank you
so much - mommy / for the support and
guess what summer split which means it's
summer at least if you're in this part
of the world and you know it's so cool
you can go out you can go to the beach
we can hang out you can do a barbecue
you can play traditional sports you can
do whatever you want but you shouldn't
do that
alright don't do that just watch my
interviews watch all of them put them on
a playlist watch them on repeat go watch
my old content on this channel just
don't do anything except for watch these
interviews make sure you subscribe so
you can do that alright none of this
summer